docs: add a bit more about spatial data (#176)
EMODnet/emodnet.wfs: README.Rmd

The goal of emodnet.wfs is to allow interrogation of and access to [EMODnet's, European Marine Observation and Data Network, geographic vector data](https://emodnet.ec.europa.eu/en/emodnet-web-service-documentation#inline-nav-3) in R through the [EMODnet Web Feature Services](https://emodnet.ec.europa.eu/en/data-0). 
[Web Feature services (WFS)](https://www.ogc.org/publications/standard/wfs/) represent a change in the way geographic information is created, modified and exchanged on the Internet and offer direct fine-grained access to geographic information at the feature and feature property level. 

> Features are _observations_ and feature properties are _variables_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Features are representation of geographic entities, such as a coastlines, marine protected areas, offshore platforms, or fishing areas. In WFS, features have geometry (spatial information) and attributes (descriptive data).
```

To explore available services you can use `View()` or your usual way to explore `data.frames`.

> ## Connect to a data source: Create a service client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Initialise a WFS Service Client

A WFS service client is responsible for sending requests to a WFS server and processing the responses to retrieve, display, or analyze geospatial features. As such, initialising a client is the first step to interacting with an EMODnet Web Feature Services.
```

wfs_bio
```

> ## List contents of a data source: Get layer information from a service client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## List contents of a WFS: Get layer information from a service client

In the context of a Web Feature Service (WFS), a layer refers to a logical grouping of geographic features that share the same schema (i.e., the same feature type, geometry, and attributes). Layers are the units of data that clients can query, retrieve, and manipulate through a WFS.
```

> You can get metadata about the datasets, called layers, available from a service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access information (metadata) about each layer available from an EMODnet WFS with `emodnet_get_wfs_info()`
```

```

## Get data from a data source: get layers

You can extract layers directly from a `wfs` object using layer names. 
All layers are downloaded as `sf` objects and output as a list with a named element for each layer requested.
The argument `reduce_layers = TRUE` stack all the layers in one single tibble, if possible (for instance if all column names are the same, otherwise it fails).

By default, `emodnet_get_layers()` returns a list of sf objects, one per layer.

```{r}
emodnet_get_layers(wfs = wfs_bio, layers = layers)
```

> You can change the output `crs` ("projection") through the argument `crs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the output Coordinate Reference System (CRS), which defines how geographic data is mapped to the Earth's surface,  through the argument `crs`.
```

CRS's can have projections (if they are projected) but you can also have geographic CRS's which are not projected, so projection is not quite accurate.

Author: I should read the basic resources myself
